{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13080\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx4703\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 File Name: cars.xlsx\
\
Number of Rows: 78,025 rows\
\
Number of Columns: 19 columns (9 numerical, 10 categorical)\
\

\b \ul Columns
\b0 \ulnone \
Result: Outcome of opportunity. (Categorical)\
	\
	Loss\
	Won\

\b \ul \

\b0 \ulnone Amount:  Estimated total revenue of opportunities in USD. (Numerical)\
\
Id:  A uniquely generated number assigned to the opportunity. (Numerical)\
\
Supplies:  Category for each supplies group. (Categorical)\
\
	Car Accessories\
	Performance & Non-auto\
	Tires & Wheels\
	Car Electronics\
\
Supplies_Sub:  Sub group of each supplies group. (Categorical)\
	\
	Motorcycle Parts\
	Exterior Accessories\
	Garage & Car Care\
	Shelters & RV\
	Batteries & Accessories\
	Replacement Parts\
	Interior Accessories\
	Towing & Hitches\
	Performance Parts\
	Tires & Wheels\
	Car Electronics\
\
Region:  Name of the region. (Categorical)\
\
	Midwest\
	Pacific\
	Northwest\
	Southeast\
	Southwest\
	Mid-Atlantic\
	Northeast\
\
Market:  The opportunities\'92 route to market. (Categorical)\
\
	Field Sales\
	Reseller\
	Other\
	Telesales\
	Telecoverage\
\
Client_Revenue:  Client size based on annual revenue. (Categorical)\
\
	More than 1M\
	500K to 1M\
	250K to 500K\
	100K to 250K\
	100K or less\
\
Client_Employee:  Client size by number of employees. (Categorical)\
\
	More than 25K\
	15K to 25K\
	5K to 15K\
	1K to 5K\
	1K or less\
\
Client_Past:  Revenue identified from this client in the past two years. (Categorical)\
\
	More than 100,000\
	50,000 - 100,000\
	25,000 to 50,000\
	0 to 25,000\
	0 (No business)\
\
Competitor:  An indicator if a competitor has been identified. (Categorical)\
	\
	Unknown\
	Known\
	None\
\
Size:  Categorical grouping of the opportunity amount. (Categorical)\
\
	more than 60K\
	50K to 60K\
	40K to 50K\
	30K to 40K\
	20K to 30K\
	10K to 20K\
	10K or less\
\
Elapsed_Days:  The number of  days between the change in sales stages. Each 			     change resets the counter. (Numerical)\
\
Stage_Change:  A count of the number of times an opportunity changes sales stage.\
			    Includes backward and forward changes. (Numerical)\
\
Total_Days:  Total days the opportunity has spent in Sales Stages from Identified/Validating\
			to Gained Agreement/Closing. (Numerical)\
\
Total_Siebel:  Total days the opportunity has spent in Siebel Stages from Identified/Validating\
			  to Qualified/Gaining Agreement. (Numerical)\
\
Ratio_Identify:  Ratio of total days the opportunity has spent in sales stage: Identified/Validating\
			     over total days in sales process. (Numerical)\
\
Ratio_Validate:  Ratio of total days the opportunity has spent in sales stage: Validated/Qualifying\
			      over total days in sales process. (Numerical)\
\
Ratio_Qualify:  Ratio of total days the opportunity has spent in sales stage: Qualified/Gaining 			     Agreement over total days in sales process. (Numerical)\
\
}